- 👋🏾 Hi, My name is Fernand Valery Adrien, better known by family and friends as Val. I was born in New York, raised in Madrid, Spain. Later went to live in different places, like as Haiti and Panama, since my mother has a diplomatic career. I attended High School in Harlingen, Texas and University in Miami Florida. This voyage has given me an exposure do various cultures as well as the ability to speak and write French, Spanish, English.
- 📜 I hold a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, with minor in marketing from Florida International University, an Associate’s Degree in Terminal Management from the Lloyd’s Maritime Academy, a Diploma in Executive Port & Terminal Management accelerated Program from Puertos del Estado (Madrid, Spain) with an accumulation of certificates from Lloyd’s Maritime Academy in the Logistics industry.
- 🚢 As Former Chief of Coordination and International Affairs at the National Port Authority of Haiti during 6 years; I have proven my proficiency, for over 10 years, in driving sales growth, port and terminal project management and regional logistics strategies in the industry. I am currently the Founder and CEO, of United Shipping and Logistics dba USL (www.usl.ht), established in June 2015 in Port-Au-Prince, Haiti.  I founded and ran several companies such as USL in Port-Au-Prince, Haiti such as USL Fresh (Cold chain supply chain company  specialised in perishables specially mangoes and avocadoes), United Port Services (Stevedoring and terminal services, mostly in Break Bulk and Vehicles at the port of Port-Au-Prince), USL Dominicana, Freight Forwarding and Custom Brokerage in the Dominican Republic, and more recently USL Consolidators which is a branch of United Shipping and Logistics in Miami, Florida; a strategic branch to become a Caribbean Cargo Gateway. 
- 📚 My interest in UM FinTech Bootcamp to strengthen my finance and  technology management skills. Furthermore, to develop a strategic approach to my skills, in preparation for regional expansion thru business venture that I have in mind and grow to the new threat of Conventional shipping which is the Digital Forwarding era also known as the Online Shipping Marketplace. My current role as a CEO involves constant due diligences in molding relationships with Foreign Agencies, service providers and international regulatory bodies. This has required proactivity, negotiation skills and a great deal of diplomacy to persuade Global Logistics leader to embrace a radical idea of entrusting their brand and quality of service to a new entity. I lead a mixed team of Logistics, Freight Forwarding and customs compliance professionals and this has expanded the company’s portfolio of services which has boosted its Local and International presence as an emerging and trustworthy collaborator for all kinds of cargo.  
- 💡 I decided to add FinTech to my career path due to the current issues affecting the industry that I am currently evolving in as there’s the constant utilization of real data, analyses of variety of scenarios and presenting a realistic action based solution. Shipping consists of a harmonious exchange of Documents (legal and contractual), Cargo (the merchandise being transported) and  payment transactions. Once the Cargo has been delivered the work doesn’t end there; there’s a ramification to various entities private, public and governmental which play a role in the successful execution of a shipment. FinTech is not only integral to business challenges but will enable me to strengthen the core of my business and assure a proper execution of vision which is to become the Digital Logistics Service Provider of the Caribbean Region. I aim to add convenience and simplicity in supply chain solutions, while keeping the financial part of it as transparent as it can be.  With a knowledge in Fintech, I will poses the tools and knowledge to bring forth in a consulting or start-up case, alternative finance solutions outside of the realm of traditional finance in order to boost trade finance in the Caribbean Region, where there’s still businesses that are unbanked. I am taking this opportunity to grow my network with likeminded individuals and open to the possibility of creating something sustainable, impactful and life changing in the world. 
